this is a 2013 Express x17 exclusive
bass boat
it's a beautiful blue color its original
all well in Express got 100,000 miles
six-year warranty axles no maintenance
all aluminum trailer all this is in one
package this it has a sportsman's
package at a sport package has the
upgraded seats of course it's got a
hotfoot got a blinker trim I'll show you
on the other side you've got a 70-pound
big coat of rust trolling motor this is
something new for this year all the
Laughlin area on the back of the boats
of the gun rail are all extreme coated
before they painted this is extreme
hyperlift haul it's got a jack plate SS
prop-115 Yamaha 4 stroke we just came in
off the lake with it you can go to my
website at Wild Bill's boats and you can
see all these departments with them open
so you get a full view of it this is
just another walk around you to show it
to you we've taken the graft off this
particular one cuz we're probably going
to install a different gray that's
selling thing but it does come with a
craft everything you see it's all one
package no hidden cost it also every
lake ready would you pick it up
Minn Kota 70 pound thrust Ed's trolling
motor all living a traitor about it's
nice to boat as you can get for the
buddy we sell excitement come see us
Wild Bill's boats at Lake Texoma eight
six six eight nine Oh 81 81